Updates to the social media handbook (#187)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/marketing/socialmedia.md

## Calendaring

Sourcegraph is a global and also all-remote brand. That means on our social media platforms we must deliver content with every time zone in mind. When important events or specific news is published, it is important to still adhere to Sprout Social data, and schedule accordingly. We want to include people all over the world, so our calendaring and volume should be adaptable and inclusive. However, the social media manager will ultimately publish content at the “best times of day”, determined by Sprout Social and its viral post feature, which may or may not include a wide variety of times. Sprout Social uses integrations with each social platform via their API. Sprout’s Viral Post technology also looks at our most active and influential followers to determine suggested post times. 

Content calendars are scheduled in advance and are most often than not- at “full capacity”. 

1-2x on LinkedIn per day

1-3x on Twitter per day

Sourcegraph has a variety of content deemed valuable. And organic social is being used to drive traffic our website, and specific pieces of content. 

## Sharing blog posts

> The content team should create a task under the Social Media Requests: Organic Asana project. The DRI can use [this template](https://app.asana.com/0/1200960005454857/1200974621451675/f). To consolidate tasks, the blog editor will create a monthly task of upcoming blogs. And then create subtasks for each blog. It is under the subtask where the social media manager will collaborate and provide suggested social campaigns. Once the blog editor approves, the social media manager schedules the posts under drafts in Sprout Social. Once the blog is published live, they should notify the social media manager via Slack signaling to push drafts to the calendar. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content team should create a task under the Social Media Requests: Organic Asana project. The DRI can use [this template](https://app.asana.com/0/1200960005454857/1200974621451675/f). To consolidate tasks, the managing editor of the blog will create a monthly parent task of upcoming blogs. As blog posts are scheduled, the editor of a post will create a subtask for it and attach it to the parent task. It is under the subtask where the social media manager will collaborate with the editor of the post and provide suggested social campaigns. Once the editor approves, the social media manager schedules the posts under drafts in Sprout Social. Once the blog is published live, they should notify the social media manager via Slack signaling to push drafts to the calendar. 
```
@kristen-sundberg Suggestion to clarify ownership of different parts of the process as "blog editor" could mean different things depending on context 😅 @nickmyyz is this clear to you?

Reviewer 2: @rebeccadee makes sense to me!
